[Applause]
and I was listening to your album with
my kids this morning and we all enjoyed
it it's like kind of a it's a and also
one of the songs is called wish you were
gay yeah and I was trying to figure out
how I was going to explain that to my
five-year-old but she didn't really pick
up on it so it was okay
how are you doing congratulations on all
the award nominations you got or how did
you find out no no you do not get up
early a.m. I'm not gonna wake up for
that so I stayed I stayed I was knocked
out my mom came woke me up and I was
like have a seat like see you're still
living with your folks with the parents
or are they living with you which one is
it like both probably like I'm living
with them at home and then on tour
they're living with me I see that's what
it is so you are in your house that you
grew up in oh yeah oh you are okay and
your brother lives with you or no he did
until like the end of last year ish but
he still like comes back all the time we
like laundry that always brings them
back I guess well I have older kids out
you know I have a 28 year old daughter a
26 year old son and yeah they don't
really do laundry but I assume that if
they ever clean their clothes they would
come right to my house so as far as
these nominations up is Jesus just you
are you used to this by now or do you
stop and go wow this is weird I mean the
Grammys is the Grammys so yeah like as
as cool as everything else is it's like
the Grammys you know what I mean like
that's I've watched that every single
year of my entire life
mm-hmm like judging all the girls
dresses but that's like every year my
family and me we would all sit in the
living room watch the Grammys like we
never missed it so yeah the fact that
I'm the same like little girl watching
that in my living room and then I'm
still in that same living room like
being nominated for six like what is
that are your parents gonna go to the
show with you yeah and are you under
doing the American Music Awards on
Sunday that's your first ever
or show performance because this is a
situation we have all these artists on
stage great artists popular artists
boats on both of those things and do you
feel competitive with them like I'm
gonna go out there and my performance is
going to be the best performance of all
of them it's like almost but it's more
like a competitiveness with myself with
yourself right if that makes sense like
goes like I'm going up like I go up
there to like be better than myself
mm-hmm een I totally know what you mean
it's weird though I'm in like this whole
world I do really honestly I know I all
laugh I do know we're talking about
because I've been in situations where
there been a bunch of comedians on and
you always want to be the best one
doesn't mean you want the other ones
tonight to not be good yeah it's weird
that's like the whole universe is like
trying to pit every artist against each
other
it's so weird yeah and some people do
think that way yeah you do not I don't
you don't you are 17 years old which is
crazy that you're the successful at 17
years old and of course I think two back
to myself at 17 not as successful at
that age but I was 17 in perhaps the
greatest year in American history 1984
like the number one year experts agree
right and I was wondering if I could go
to the horn after that in this room
after
is that your nice way of reminding me
how how close I am to death you know who
Madonna is you know can you name a van
Halen who wanna start crying have you
heard of Cyndi Lauper yeah Huey Lewis no
fill in the blank run DM it sounds like
a direct message while you're jogging
now but it Run DMC yeah Run DMC great
hip hop group have you ever seen The
Cosby Show Wow
have you ever okay your ever played with
a Cabbage Patch Kid a Cabbage Patch Kid
yeah
in 1984 you'd have to go like a sour
patch really but in 1984 at Christmas
time your parents would candy it was a
doll would go to the mall and fight
other parents for these Wow and then
they'd bring them home to you and you
that was how they proved they loved you
what did mr. t pity so the point I'm
trying to make is you're younger than I
am yeah have you can you name any of the
original Ghostbusters yeah yeah what
should you never do to a gremlin after
midnight it's not a matter of being dumb
if you asked me questions about 1943 I
probably wouldn't know the answers
either well great
you're turning 18 next month what are
you gonna do is there a big party plan
is somebody else responsible um I have
some ideas of stuff but it's like pretty
like my life stuff um but the main thing
I'm excited about is like to be able to
drive my car past 11 is that that's like
all I've been thinking about that's the
law
you can't drive after a while it yeah it
won't if you you you have to either have
had your license for a whole year or be
18 oh and I was
I mean my life was pretty crazy in the
last couple years right I got to it a
little bit late even though it's
something I've literally wanted to do my
entire life all I ever wanted to do was
Drive do you have a car you do okay is
it do you drive safely
do your parents track you like on a
drive only you don't your parents like
do you have like the weather you set the
things no I don't know do you like do
you spend money on things do you go out
can you go to the store you know no I
definitely cannot do that I mean here's
the thing it's like a mindset you have
to put yourself in I'm sure you know
what I'm talking about because if you if
you're like you know what I'm gonna just
tell myself that it's fine that if I get
totally mobbed if I try to go to like
CBS yourself uh-huh and then you're good
but if you're in a place that day where
you just feel not in the mood that's
when it just drives you because work
drives you crazy so you have to like put
yourself in the place of being like you
know what this is fine I'm good and just
enjoy it and like be happy like I've
been saying the last couple weeks like a
couple weeks ago I've kind of decided to
start living like I just woke up and
this was my oh okay good way I do not
like slumber no like if I was what my 12
year old self and suddenly I woke up and
this was my life how would I look at it
and what would I be like oh my god that
right now I'm taking for granted so like
I've been trying to live like that
lately did you come up with that
yourself didn't somebody advise you and
tell you to think about it like that I
mean I've heard a couple of things from
certain people like sporty spice was
talking to me oh really
yeah I don't want to like say what she
was whatever I don't know if it's like a
secret or whatever but she just was
saying how you know she was on stage
with you know all the girls yeah they
were they were all just like smiling at
each other and she was saying oh such a
magical moment because she was saying
that at the beginning in the middle it's
like you work work work work work
and you're huge huge huge and then it's
done and it's like oh like where did
that go and I just thought about that
and I was like oh my god
I'm in that part of my life that in the
future I'm gonna be like I wish I could
you know whatever so I'm like trying to
be as present as possible this is good
this is a good thing yeah well now
you're gonna get to enjoy some
commercial so when we come back what's
fun more with Billy ilex on Sunday who's
you're going on tour starting in Miami
starting March 9th and also this is the
album it's called what you probably have
it already so where do we go world tour
is that and the album is where do we all
go when we're asleep right correct it's
a little bit bumpy matica sorry you are
when you are this age and you're doing
work as you are doing do you because you
really grow so much as an artist or
really in a lot of ways at your age do
you look back at things you did two
years ago and go oh boy I wish I could
do that it over again do you think of it
that way you do not I late I'll probably
feel that way in a couple years from now
mm-hmm and about this time in my life
but sure I look at videos of me from
like two years ago I'm like it's really
like it's gross right oh that's what I
was saying I was wondering if yeah yeah
like I did this thing with Vanity Fair
where I did the same interview two years
apart so it was like one year oh it was
2017 we shot the other one or the the
third third year which is actually two
years later a couple weeks ago and I had
to watch back all these things that I'd
never seen from when I was 15 like so
it's like oh well it's important to
remember that I met me then now
I think that's a positive way I think if
you're if you're not you if you're not
looking back at things like that you're
not growing in any way so at the AMAs
this show is there anyone there is there
an artist there that you've not met that
you're excited to meet I generally don't
know who's gonna be there oh you don't
know yeah Jesse Reyes is our music
artist on the show tonight
friend of yours yes how do you guys know
each other um I found her music when I
was like 13 oh wow became a fan of it
and then years later after I had music
out and stuff I realized that I don't
even I don't even remember how it
started but I heard this on gatekeeper
that she has and it blew my mind I reach
out to her I I just actually posted the
song on my actual account and I was like
this is the most incredible thing I've
ever heard in my life and then we like
got together and we we actually like got
along really well and then we hung out a
couple times we wrote a song together we
brought another song and then yeah now
we're just friends she's like one of the
most talented she's probably like the
best writer I've ever met besides my
brother you know if you like you can
introduce her at the end of the show
you're more than welcome to stick around
for them alright well it's great to have
you here we're gonna see you on TV on
Sunday
we got the album you got the tour coming
Billie Eilish everybody if you liked
that video click the subscribe button
but only if you're ready for commitment